hi everyone today I am here to do a tag
I've done so many snacks lately I can't
keep track move but I love tag videos
don't you I love watching all times it's
just something about tags that are just
so fun and awesome anyway I'm here with
the tag the yearbook Hall of Fame tag is
that a book of digitech I don't know it
was started over my cat from Katie test
I always have a hard time pronouncing
her name and I'm sure it's like the
freakin easiest user name ever I am
sorry catch I will hope you forgive me
as I bail out apparently that was
created by her and she tagged me in it
and it's an awesome tag congrats God for
making such an awesome tag I'm excited
to do it and I got him it was quite hard
coming up for all these um winners and
stuff I think I have one still blank
right now because I strong glue but
let's go on with it pretty much your
book Hall of Fame tag is you know you
know back in senior superlatives they
said best-dressed best eyes most likely
good of jail well like that's in this
one but not voted for any senior
superlatives in high school I think I
almost came this close to winning the
most shyest which is hard to believe now
because i'm totally not shy at all the
back in the day I was very very shy and
mink and shy and quiet not a la la la
well that is chain category we have best
dress I think so the answer from
catalyst one because I just have no clue
so she picked lows on the boy next door
and I think I'm gonna pickle in the mix
and the boy next door to because I do
remember very vividly reading this book
and all the outfit she had and just the
awesome clothes and it was just she's
very creative and I really like that I'm
gonna pick also America from the
selection and the reason is because this
is one of the few books were it's
actually propria to have a dress on the
cover and she's always wearing these
beautiful dresses and what girl wouldn't
want that every once in a while so i'll
pick that one too yes category we have
best eyes now i don't know i can't even
remember
my own husband's colorized just kidding
they're green I can't remember any of
the books eyes i will say that i did i
am working to clap or punches right now
which is over there somewhere but i do
remember just reading about it and they
said your blue-eyed boy will is here and
i was like hey I'm blue eyes and will is
my husband from mash so I should
probably pick him right I mean well it's
pretty cute he's got some cute eyes even
though you can't see me miss cover let's
just pick will for this one just you
know that's answers I still love you
kept don't love you edda gory is best
hair now I'm going to cheat a little bit
on this one because I just I don't know
as a girl and it's a girl that loves
hair because I love hair I need to
visually see it i need to visually see
the hair so they I'm gonna pick Serena
van der Woodsen from the gossip girl
series which I've read a couple books
from but I primarily know from the TV
show and that girl even though all your
character she's got some good hair like
I want her hair beautiful hair is that
still cheating it's technically still a
book so it's not cheating right right
this couple and I know you're probably
thinking this is easy Heather's gonna
choose Ron Hermione from Harry Potter I
mean you would be right that they're my
all-time favorite couple but let's shake
it up a little bit I have no clue on
this one's let's just pick right now do
do what I really really enjoy manthan JS
from my life next door this is totally
random they're not my all-time favorite
couple but for this video they will be
because I wanted to pick somebody that
you don't really hear about a lot you
hear a lot about Ron are mighty four and
tris and all the most people but I do
not want to pick somebody that stuff
doesn't get a lot of love up in here so
Samantha and Jace I think they're a very
very cute couple I think I would be
friends was this power to meet them this
category is class clown and know-how
this at all I'm gonna pick fred and
george weasley from harry potter i mean
can you think of anybody else that would
be more amazing at class clowns I mean
they open up their own freakin joke shop
full of pranks and tricks and stuff
we're going to think I'd remember
reading them in reading about all the
antics they got into setting off
fireworks and pranking and love jobs and
everything Fred and George Weasley best
class times ever category is biggest
flirt and I choose Adrian from the
vampire academy series um I just read
this one shadow kiss the third one in it
and he is just always flirting up a
storm in this book like he's just
floated flirt flirt flirt I think it's
kind of deeper than flirt but he's a
flirter so we're gonna choose him I
can't think of any other rights now that
is flirts I don't know but Adrian sure
to squirtle what was dramatic Oh Anton
I've also had no hezee shin on this one
I want to choose Maggie from the Carrie
Diaries because I you know I do not like
her character it all in this book she
was just a whiny overdramatic everything
is about me whine whine whine Maggie
Maggie Maggie Maggie it's like the Magna
show even that's called the Carrie
Diaries I just thought dramatic Queen
goes to you Maggie well deserved noce
usable and I had a hard time picking
this one because I first thought of gem
from the clockwork from the Infernal
Devices series but I was like oh I think
we're going to pick him so let me think
outside the box here and then this
morning nonetheless I was just living on
my shelves and I saw this book I was
like wait there's a musical guy in that
and I am talking about Dexter from this
lullaby by sarah dessen say standalone
novel it's about Remy and dexter and
he's a musician he's in this wedding
band he's pretty cool i like him he's
musician so it's mr. musical that counts
also I can't there's this other one I
just read it up battle of its musical
Audrey wait by robert fry Robin been
wave and something that was a musical
book I remember that one awesome at
though Dexter most likely to succeed I
don't Nevel I do not know in this
oh I don't know it's half one this is a
tough one Leah from such a rush pilot I
see great expectation I see great to
future for her being a pilot you know
being cool things I think she was likely
succeed a dog yawns if you didn't hear
our category is valedictorian and I will
go with everyone else on this one
because it's quite the obvious I mean I
can't when I think about Victoria that
autumn massive tank of hermione granger
from Harry pop but you know any other
person would be more deserving a falcon
Torian cuz I sure don't she would be the
best off the torrian anybody's ever seen
that was the yearbook Hall of Fame tag I
had really a lot of fun doing it coming
up with a lot of answers I thought it
was a great tag Thank You cap for making
this think you're attacking me for it I
hope this will spread like wildfire for
you if you want to do this tag please
leave this video response if you know
cats video response i will leave the
link down below for off the video and
that is all tell me who would you pick
for your bro call of Fame best eyes the
stress who would you pick
no let me know that was all for me and I
hope you guys have a great rest UJ by no
please don't
it told me one stick you really love me